In this lab you will be modifying the bootup screen of Minix. First, you need to log in to your account on the ECC System. Start by setting up VMware by opening up a terminal window and typing "setup vmware" then you will type "minix-get-image" lastly you will type "vmware &" and wait for the system to load. Then click the minix3 button on the left side of the new screen and launch minix. In the Minix system Type the username "root" when it prompts you. Then you will type "passwd" to tell the system you want to change your password and enter your new password you want to log in. Next while still in the Minix system type "tcpd ftp /usr/bin/in.ftpd &" and then type "ifconfig". Then press Ctrl+Alt to get out of the Minix window and go back to the main terminal window and type "ftp <ip address from ifconfig>". Wait for this to take a while and when it loads enter your username which is root and then type in the password you created earlier. Go back into the Minix system and type in "cd .." to go from root to the main directory then type "cd /usr/src/kernel" to get into the directory where the file you change will be. To find which file you will change I used this command from the internet " grep "Copyright" $(find /usr/src|grep .c) " which will find which file the word copyright is located in. This returns the main file which you will now go back into the ECC terminal window and while still in FTP type pwd to check that you are in /usr/src/kernel and if not then switch into it. Then type "get main.c" and once it transfers over then exit FTP, vi into main.c, edit the Copyright statement with a personal statement. Then before you transfer the file back go into the virtual machine and type "rm main.c" to make sure that it removes the previous instance of main.c. Then you can go into FTP on the main terminal and type put main.c which will move the file back into the virtual machine. Once you put the file back into the virtual machine you can type "make world" which will remake the instance of Minix then you can type "reboot" and it will reboot the minix system to show your change to the Copyright statement. 